This is a story of a girl named Georgia and her little sister Emmie, a boy named Noah, another boy named keiden and yet another boy named Knox.
It is also the story of seven magical totems that were found at the end of a very long day.  This may not mean what you think it does. 
That is often the case when magical items are involved. We apologize for any inconvenience. In this case, 'at the end of a very long day' 
doesn't mean that the aforementioned boys and girls had a very trying day, although they did, or that it was summer and the duration of the day 
was longer than usual, although it was, but instead that they had travelled through the halls of creation of a particular day quite by 
accident and found that they were travelling the distance of the constuction of a very long day. If you're confused, that may be 
evidence that you still retain some vestige of sanity. Again, we apologize for any inconvenience. Perhaps, we should start at the beginning. 


Chapter I - Monkey, Turtle, Rabbit, wolf and bear. 

    The family was travelling in their car listening to the lastest "masters of the cosmos" audiobook when
a white pick up swerved into their lane and then began to move back and forth erraticly. 

"You're work has been crazy lately."

"Yes, lots of escalations to me since the boss is out"

Two men in the back of the white Ford leaned out and aimed what looked like strange 
shotguns at their window. Unlike a normal shotgut the muzzels of these seemed to push the air 
around them and then build to a bright and threatening purple light. 

"Are you listening to me ..."

"Shields! Emergency war mode engage. Sat com 3 acknowledge. Rehdwolfe one." As he spoke the wolf 
insignia on his finger came into contact with the automatic shifter of the suv. It began to rotate 90 
degrees. The automobile began to lurch and produce loud and frightening mechanical sounds. 

"Oh my gosh! What was that!" 

The GPS unit mounted to the dash of the car began to display an insignia of a wolf in silloutte. 

"Satcom 5 emergency roadside assistance responding... please have your customer id ready..."

"Break. Episilon Lykans 3 3 7 - emergency break cover event.Repeat! Emergency break cover event." At this the robotic voice broke from its normal
automated pattern and began to speak. 

"NOS TOK EMER FLEE?" 

"EMER ZED INNA NAT!" Static was heard on all the cars speakers. The accelerated the vehicle. 

Keiden, the eldest, exclaimed "What?? Theres rockets on the side of the car"

"what in the world?" Janelle looked in the mirror to validate the claim. 

As if to erase all doubt the jets came alive with enormous thrusting power accompanied by spikes of
irredescent blue.  

The man steered car at high speed into the attackers. As they impacted a bright blue light separated the vehicles 
where they would have otherwise impacted. The pulse of light threw the white truck into the guardrails and over them.

Breaking into the strange vocalizations coming from the GPS unit, a gruff mans voice began to speak 
normal english. "You've not kept up with your battle language updates Craig."

"It's been twenty years and I'm a little busy at the moment. I'm in a native convert vehicle under attacker
by zed operatives."

"There's a zed fleet inbound to your location."

"I'll need a hot jump.... I have the corporate with me. "

"The corporate? Do they mean us"

"Copy that colonel. Phase portal 3 klicks from your current 10-20. Can you reach it?"

"Yes, but I have to declare a break cover event to accomplish."

"Break cover is authorized. Won't matter now... colonel...Broken Arrow."

"You dont mean?"

"Phase engines are online and convergence is forming. "

"Copy that. Kids! Put your hands in your lap and close your eyes. Just do it okay? This is going to be 
pretty wild."



